Edge and middleware (#6256)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/getting-started-primer/javascript.nextjs.mdx

- [Breadcrumbs](/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/) created for outgoing HTTP request with XHR and Fetch, and console logs
- [Release health](/product/releases/health/) for tracking crash-free users and sessions
- Automatic [Performance Monitoring](/product/performance/) for both the client and server, from version `6.5.0`

> - Errors and Performance support for [Middleware](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/functions/edge-middleware) and [Edge routes](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/functions/edge-functions) in Vercels experimental edge runtime. Due to complexities with the experimental runtime, some features of errors like stacktraces may not not be as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Errors and Performance support for [Middleware](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/functions/edge-middleware) and [Edge routes](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/functions/edge-functions) in Vercels experimental edge runtime. Because middleware and edge routes run in a sandboxed environment, stack traces may look funky and cannot be prettified with source maps.
```

I wouldn't shy away from being specific here.
